Harden `npm install` security (#9269)
stylelint/stylelint: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. [Fork and clone](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/) the Stylelint repository.
2. Install all the dependencies with `npm ci`.
3. Set up with `npm run prepare`.

> [!TIP]
> Stylelint's `.npmrc` is hardened against supply-chain risk. Consider the same for your `~/.npmrc`.

> > See [npm Security Best Practices](https://github.com/lirantal/npm-security-best-practices).

Author: [question] Is this TIP verbose or out of the scope?

Reviewer: It feels appropriate.

> > See [npm Security Best Practices](https://github.com/lirantal/npm-security-best-practices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Stylelint's `.npmrc` is hardened against supply-chain risk. You should consider [doing the same](https://github.com/lirantal/npm-security-best-practices) for your `~/.npmrc`.
```
